John Doe
 yunanwg |  +1 (415) 555-0132 |  john.doe@me.org |  johndoe |  yunanwg |  johndoe.dev |
 0000-0000-0000-0000 |  San Francisco, CA |  Master of Data Science |  AWS Certified
Data science leader turning complex data into business decisions
Education
Aurora State University
Master of Data Science
Aurora, WA
2015 - 2017
• Thesis: Predicting Customer Churn in Telecommunications Industry using Machine Learning Algorithms and Network Analysis
• Course: Big Data Systems and Technologies | Data Mining and Exploration | Natural Language Processing
Aurora State University
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science
Aurora, WA
2011 - 2015
• Thesis: Exploring the Use of Machine Learning Algorithms for Predicting Stock Prices: A Comparative Study of Regression and Time-
Series Models
• Course: Database Systems | Computer Networks | Software Engineering | Artificial Intelligence
• GPA: 3.8/4.0, Magna Cum Laude
Computer Science Machine Learning Statistics
Technical University of Munich
Exchange Student Program
Germany
Fall 2016
Spring 2017
• Specialized courses in Advanced Algorithms and Data Structures
• Research project on Distributed Computing Systems
Professional Experience
XYZ Corporation San Francisco, CA
Director of Data Science 2022 - Present
• Lead a team of data scientists and analysts to develop and implement data-driven strategies, develop predictive models and algorithms
to support decision-making across the organization
• Collaborate with executive leadership to identify business opportunities and drive growth, implement best practices for data
governance, quality, and security
Dataiku Snowflake SparkSQL
Data Scientist 2020 - 2022
• Analyze large datasets with SQL and Python, collaborate with teams to uncover business insights
• Create data visualizations and dashboards in Tableau, develop and maintain data pipelines with AWS
ABC Company
Data Analyst
New York, NY
2017 - 2020
• Analyze large datasets with SQL and Python, collaborate with teams to uncover business insights
• Create data visualizations and dashboards in Tableau, develop and maintain data pipelines with AWS
PQR Corporation
Data Analysis Intern
Chicago, IL
Summer 2017
Summer 2016
• Assisted with data cleaning, processing, and analysis using Python and Excel, participated in team meetings and contributed to project
planning and execution
Projects & Associations
ABC Nonprofit Organization
Volunteer Data Analyst
Remote
2019 - Present
• Analyze donor and fundraising data to identify trends and opportunities for growth
• Create data visualizations and dashboards to communicate insights to the board of directors
• Collaborate with other volunteers to develop and implement data-driven strategies
• Increased donation efficiency by 25% through predictive modeling
Volunteer Work Non-profit Social Impact
Python Data Science Libraries Remote
John Doe Curriculum vitae

--- page break ---
Open Source Contributor 2018 - Present
• Contributed to pandas, scikit-learn, and matplotlib projects
• Fixed bugs, improved documentation, and added new features
• Mentored new contributors during Google Summer of Code
Open Source Python Community
Personal Project
Machine Learning Research Project
Remote
Summer 2020
• Developed a novel approach to time series forecasting using transformer architectures
• Published research paper and open-sourced implementation on GitHub
• Achieved 15% improvement over baseline models on benchmark datasets
Research Deep Learning Time Series
Certificates & Awards
2022 AWS Certified Security - Specialty, Amazon Web Services (AWS) Online
2021 Data Science Excellence Award, XYZ Corporation San Francisco, CA
2020 Applied Data Science with Python Specialization, University of Michigan via Coursera Online
2019 Tableau Desktop Certified Professional, Tableau Software
2018 SQL Fundamentals Track, DataCamp Online
Publications
[1] J. Doe and A. Smith, “An Introduction to Data Analysis Techniques,” Journal of Data Science, vol. 15, no. 2, pp. 123–145, 2020.
[2] S. Jones, J. Doe, and M. Brown, “Exploratory Data Analysis for Predictive Modeling,” in Proceedings of the International Conference on
Data Science, 2021, pp. 256–267.
[3] J. Doe and D. Wilson, Machine Learning for Data Analysis. Springer, 2022.
Skills
Languages      English (Native) | French (Fluent) | Chinese (Conversational)
Programming      Python | SQL | R
Tech Stack Tableau | Snowflake | AWS | Docker | Git
Frameworks &
Libraries
Pandas | NumPy | Scikit-learn | TensorFlow | FastAPI
Certifications AWS Security Tableau Desktop Applied Data Science SQL Fundamentals
Personal Interests Swimming | Cooking | Reading | Photography
John Doe Curriculum vitae
